Today we are with Carlos, who
is another of our students, and
not only a student, but a collaborator
of The Power MBA who is helping
us with all the production
of audiovisual content.
And the topic that we were concerned
with is that we will do an analysis
of Carlos's company, of Overs, of the
audiovisual producer.
We will use the tool we are
using usually, which
is the Business Model Canvas,
and after doing the analysis
what we will try is to identify
some possible evolution.
Carlos has some idea about how to
evolve his business, which I
don't think he'll tell us because
he doesn't want to reveal it.
We will share some cakes.
The first thing I will do is...
Well, Carlos, thank you very much
for being with us.
The first thing I will do...
and Hello.
I'll ask you a few questions about
how your business model works and
I'll fill out the Business Model
Canvas, right?
First I want you to tell me.
Who are your customers, your customer
segments in a very concise way and
what do you offer them?
well is.
Our main clientele or targeting
goes from companies that not
only want to promote their brand
or brand philosophy,
but also product, to boyfriends
who get married or events
videos, making party movies
and advertising productions
in general.
This is part of the video, we also
take pictures.
Tell me.
So, we talk that customer
segments are companies that
you make videos, I imagine
different types of marketing,
especially people you hire
marketing, right?
It is for marketing.
We are an exceptional case.
Well, we are a company, an educational
institution for product, but
it will be exceptional.
The brides...
It depends.
Do you know how I say?
There are companies that want
to promote their brand or theirs,
as in your case, the philosophy
for which they work or a product.
For example, we've now worked with
an optics that we sold their glasses
with different qualities.
There were children's glasses, sports glasses, and
they asked us to develop advertising
that would be a great deal of a good thing.
Okay, but it is advertising.
That of the consumer is
advertising, on the one hand, as I
tell you, and on the other hand,
because of video catering, events,
presentations, interviews, as in
some of your case.
and yes.
Or generally any kind of
video production you ask us, or
3D animation for video screens,
all the effects of everything.
And then, on the other hand,
photography, even event photography,
wedding, studio and graphic
design.
and great.
Same with graphic design.
very clearly.
What is the distribution channel?
I will ask you the question in a different way.
How do you capture customers?
Because given the amount of work
we have now, the amount of work
we have, we have not been able
to invest all the time the money
we want in online advertising.
For example, on Facebook, on social
media, or even with our
website.
We haven't been able to invest
a lot of time in that, and the main
customers we have now come from
mouth to mouth.
well is.
I loved your video, I saw your video
on I don't know where, but not
a direct promotion on our part.
The typical.
How do you relate to customers
through pages on social media,
Instagram or something like that?
Yes, we try to keep them alive,
but many times it is
complicated considering the amount
of work we have now.
and Genius.
You are saturated, upset
and do not do the things you
know you have to do.
Of course, that is, we close ourselves
more to working, rather than to promote
our own brand.
Well well well well.
How do you charge?
How is the income flow?
Explain it.
By project?
Especially in the digital
world, each project is different.
Each project has different
needs and attacks and has
a different size and application.
well is.
We don't have a model, for example, of
watching videos to 300, or watching
video to X, because each project,
each video is a different project.
Well well, very well.
What are the key activities of your
business?
What do you spend your time with?
Man, the main thing for videos that
require to be recorded is recording,
because with theme of lighting,
sound and everything else.
And then editing are the key points
and the base points for any project,
for example, in video.
Then comes the pre-production and I don't
know.
Well to edit.
First record and then edit.
And another idea that has to be another
that is to capture customers, but good.
Well, what are the key resources
you need for your business
model?
What is that you need?
First, you need a lot of
money to invest in the
entire project.
In our case, we did it
through work.
We started to generate money
and to invest it in material
through work, gradually,
growing a lot.
And so we have been able to invest more
and more, more and more, with more
work and more material.
Material is OK?
Material and how much?
Well, well, you don't need to
quantify, but effectively for
your business model you need
cameras, you need, well, a lot
of things.
And there is another key resource
that is people, that you are, that
is a resource yet that is more
valuable than material and
then we will analyze it.
The cost structure is not
to be asked.
It is the material and the salary.
There is no more.
well is.